[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Before we start, did you want
to do a little meditation or is
it just a--
>> Yeah, well, let me just see.
I'm getting for us to
just really together come
into a state of calm
and concept of space
with the intention
of allowing what's
in the highest good for all
concerned to come forward
and to have a clear transmission
of the 11th dimensional
Arcturian energy would you like
me to just kind of guide us
through?
>> Yeah, let's try this here.
>> So just find a comfortable
position allow your hands
to face open and allow for
alignment in your spine
in the back of your neck to
open channel their energy.
And we'll just
begin by visualizing
the space, kind of a circle
around the space glowing
with white light.
It's just a light
of purification
and setting the space
for truth, love,
and that which was my highest
good of all concerned to take
place and calling upon
the angelic presences
to assist us here in
holding this vibration.
The Arcturians always--
in coming through--
in my experience,
always kind of come
through paired with
angelic energies.
They work very closely together.
So the angelic
presences are here
just to facilitate
this energy coming in.
And they want us
to know that this
is a process that is
happening through both of us.
And that they will be
guiding you, Reuben, as well.
And really just for both of
us to be present in our hearts
with what our intention is.
And with what this
service means in terms
of how we can assist humanity.
And I also feel them
truly thanking you
for what you're creating and
allowing to happen through you.
And they would like for you to
experience that acknowledgment
in your heart.
Just breathe into that
for a few moments.
And they're saying that
the core of this intention
to be of service is
really the energy
on what you're creating rides.
And there is a blessing
extending through this project
and through us here at this
time through all involved,
through all who
view this creation.
There's a blessing being
extended, further recognition
and resonance of the truth in
the hearts of all involved.
And when you're ready, you can--
Well, I would like to add just
for the sake of those viewing
and for you that this
energy I often experience
and visualize as a silvery blue.
It's very angelic, celestial.
Again, is often paired with a
white angelic energy as well.
Oftentimes, I visualize
it as a cylinder
of silvery blue
energy surrounded
by kind of a cloud of light.
So calling the energy
in this way really
assists in the
clearest connection.
And the angelic presences
also assist the individual
in raising their own frequency
to make clear contact.
Reuben there, showing
me your heart.
They're asking me to let
go of any mental filters
that I'm placing on
what's coming through.
And what they're telling
me is that questions
are most powerful when
felt in your heart
as the answers are most powerful
when felt in your heart.
Showing me a stream of
energy through the heart
which connects into
all layers of reality.
But by riding on this
stream of energy,
one penetrates the
truth of all levels.
>> Welcome back,
speaking of the heart,
maybe that's where we'll
start the first question.
My understanding is that the
fourth density or this space
where we are right
now in humanity,
we're moving into this
heart-centered density,
this middle zone.
But as other beings have gone
through the evolutionary stage
up through the higher
densities, maybe
correlating with chakras going
into the higher densities.
How does the heart
centered come into play?
Because if you're in let's
say 5th or 6th density
consciousness up there, then
where's the heart lie in that?
Do you go beyond the heart?
How does that work?
>> Sometimes there has been
a misunderstanding that
in the fourth density--
the fourth dimension sometimes
it's referred to as well--
that this is the
space of the heart,
the space of unconditional love.
And then that there
is a space above that
in some sense in which that's
no longer the primary focus.
What we offer from
our perspective
is that the energy that
comes through the heart,
the heart as the center.
Often, there's a hierarchy
that is constructed
through the human mind and
the mind of other beings
in which there is a sense of a
destination in which ascension
is framed in terms
of moving upwards.
And what we propose
to you at this time
is that the process of ascension
is not moving anywhere.
That truly the
process of ascension
is coming into the
realization of what already
is here and now in the center.
So as this relationship
to the heart
develops in the
human system, there
will be an acknowledgment
of the heart as the center.
There will be an
attunement to the heart
as the authority
for those who wish
to have the experience of
love, for those who wish
to ascend as many refer to it.
We have through our
evolution as Arcturians.
Much of the reason why
we coming into contact
at this time with humanity is
that we have also experienced
this ascension
process in which many
of the beings
residing in our system
have held the same intention--
therefore, have been able
to experience this awakening
together.
Within our system,
we have undergone
an evolutionary process
much like that on Earth.
Therefore, we're
here at this time
to reinforce the
importance for those
who wish to experience love
to truly focus on the heart
and focus on what is present
here and now in the heart.
>> So you would--
the Arcturian energies
that I'm speaking
with-- be considered a
collective of beings as opposed
to a single being?
>> Yes.
>> Is there a
dimensional realm--
I've spoken in the past to
9th dimensional Pleiadians,
12th dimensional Pleiadians.
Is there a dimensional
realm which in this energy
I'm speaking with resides in.
>> 11th and moving into 12th.
>> 11th and moving to 12th.
During the ascension
of this collective,
going back to a third to fourth
density or fourth to fifth
dimension, as we
are sort of moving
into that evolutionary
process, what
were some of the similarities
in that evolution
that you guys and girls and
beings went through that could
we could maybe compare
or check notes?
Where are we at
with our ascension
compared to the ascension that
happened many, many eons ago
for you guys?
>> And to set the
clarity of this,
we will speak in terms of time
as it's perceived by humans.
>> OK, great.
>> With our process, what we
began to see was as individuals
would formulate a similar
intention for a similar type
of experience-- as that is truly
all that is taking place with
all beings, all beings are
emanations of divine presence
who are choosing to have
various experiences from various
perspectives.
As beings within
our system began
to align in their intention,
they began to form into groups.
And within these groups,
there was an acceleration.
And we're beginning to see
that occurring on planet Earth
as well.
There has been, in the
past, tribal groups
that did a lot of
this work together.
And over time many,
societies on your planet
have lost the sense of grouping.
It has become much
more emphasized
to live a singular life.
Many beings now are reawakening
their deep, deep desire
to be in connection in this way
and experiencing the benefit
of coming together in these
groups as the acceleration
of their awakening.
Within the Arcturian
system, we experienced
a great reprogramming.
We did have minds
similar to humans.
What we did-- the
primary shift that we
make through our intention
was to shift into our hearts.
And, yes, Arcturians
as well as other beings
who are coming into contact
with Earth do you have hearts.
And, in fact, the
existence of these hearts
is primarily what is
bringing us into contact.
There is a stream of
energy that is creating
an energetic constellation
in which all of these beings
are evolving together.
>> Would this be--
so as you mentioned you are
going from 11th to 12th,
is this across our universe?
That all beings are sort
of evolving at this state.
I've heard from other
beings too that they're
going from fifth to sixth
or sixth to seventh.
There seems to be a theme
with many of these interviews
that I'm doing that they
reside in a specific dimension
or density.
But they're in
transit as we are.
Is this a time of transit for
all beings in this galaxy?
>> It is constant.
And with the dimensions, the
dimensions are also expanding.
Therefore, as we
articulated before,
there is no destination.
Something we would also like
to emphasize at this time
as many humans are
awakening to our presence
and awakening to
multidimensional versions
of themselves is that
within this hierarchy,
this is a construct of the mind.
This is a construct
which is fueled
by the energy of better, worse,
good, bad, wanting to be,
perhaps, somewhere that
is not resided in yet.
And we really
encourage the humans
who are framing
dimensionality in this way
to really let go of this.
We are residing from
another perspective.
We are seeing things
in a different way
than many of the beings
currently on this planet.
And there is no sense from our
perspective of our perspective
being superior in any way.
As we interact with
humans, we also
evolve through our service.
And we very much respect and
admire the human experience.
We revere you just
as you revere us.
>> A little bit left field,
but do Arcturians have as many
silly moments that we
do in our Earth realm?
Because there are some
really ridiculous things that
happen, at least
from my perspective,
in our day-to-day lives know
from interacting with animals
to each other to silly jokes.
Those kinds of things.
Does that happened in the
Arcturians' perspective?
Probably in a different
way, but do you guys
have as much comedy as we have?
>> Yes.
We experience it
in a different way.
Perhaps, the outward
expression of it is different.
However, we associate
humor with the heart
as well, with the
ultimate state of joy.
>> So Arcturians laugh?
>> Yes.
>> OK, good-- just double
checking, making sure.
Physically, I've seen pictures
of beings, Arcturian beings,
sort of looking similar to what
we would call the Zeta Reticuli
Grey Beings but with a
bluish sort of color skin.
Is this an accurate
representation?
>> Your question really speaks
to how we appear to humans.
>> Correct, yes-- in, I
guess, a lower density form
because in the collective
form, obviously,
you don't have physical forms.
But let's say as you were
going through your ascension
process in the fifth dimension
and fourth dimensional arenas,
what was sort of the physical
perception or presence?
>> Many do experience
us as blue.
We sometimes experience
each other as blue because
of the light frequency emitting
from our energetic bodies.
>> And the Sirian energies
often are correlated with blue,
maybe a darker blue.
Could you tell us the
differences and similarities
of the Sirius energies and
the Arcturian energies.
>> Sirius is much more varied
than the energy that many may
experience from Arcturus.
Arcturus has experienced a
great sense of unification.
Whereby, there may
be varied experience
from the 5th dimensional
Arcturians to, for example,
the 11th dimensional Ontarians.
We tend to appear--
our energy tends to manifest
for humans as silvery blue.
We also appear often
taller in the way
that humans view us than
5th dimensional sectarians.
And with Sirians, there
is much more variation.
So the light, the blue
light of the Sirians
is one particular type of Sirian
energy and there are various.
Other frequencies that
are sometimes experienced
are red through Sirius as well.
>> In Arcturus from other
studies and other beings that
I've interacted with, they
sort of refer to Arcturians
as the spiritual masters of
our universe, of a higher--
higher on the
evolutionary scale,
especially, in the
realms of spirituality.
Does this mean
just-- does this just
mean that there are more higher
dimensionally evolved beings
in Arcturus
collectively compared
to other regions of the galaxy?
So there's maybe fewer fifth
dimensional or lower densities
in Arcturus.
Is it all sort of up in
these higher dimensions?
Is that an accurate way to
sort compare this high level
of spirituality?
>> Often, this is referred
to because within Arcturus we
place of great importance
through our collective
intention and
disposition on awakening.
Therefore, we have a
very strong lineage.
The way that you experience,
perhaps, a Buddhist
lineage of teachers
or a Christian lineage
of teachers with disciples.
This sort of system is
very strong in Arcturus.
So what often occurs is
beings from various places
will come to Arcturus
and involve themself
in the Arcturian system
or the Arcturian lineage
in order to experience
higher dimensions.
The space in which we reside
in the 11th dimension--
as we move into the 12th, we
experience much interaction
with many of those who you
may refer to as masters.
Many of the beings who
have incarnated on Earth,
such as Jesus, are beings who--
it is often referred to
by humans as that they
have ascended from Earth.
However, from
another perspective
they have come from this
space and visited Earth
during very critical times.
Therefore, we do experience much
interaction with these beings
in partnership with us.
>> Wouldn't you, for
example, want to mentioned
the relationship with
the angelic realms.
So I assume there
is a strong tie
with Arcturus and the angelics?
>> Yes, very strong--
in fact, many
humans who interact
with us may at times be unsure
of whether they're interacting
with an angelic
presence or an Arcturian
because the lines between
these distinctions become
blurred in this space.
However, there is a
distinction between us
and the angelic
presences for we have
experience being incarnate.
>> Where angelics sort of never
went through that evolutionary
phase, a different sort of path.
Do angels-- do they
evolve or they just are?
I've always wondered that.
Do they have sort of
an evolutionary stage
that they go through
or are they just--
>> Yes.
>> They do?
OK.
>> It is quite different
from what humans refer
to as evolution.
It is more like
what we experienced
as well in which it's about our
vibration and the way in which
we perceive and interact
with our surroundings.
The difference
between these states
becomes much more subtle.
>> I see.
>> Going back to what you
just mentioned, Arcturus--
would it be sort of like
humans going to Tibet to study
or Nepal or some sacred,
you know, retreats,
to have a retreat in
the mountains to study,
since we're limited to our
mountainous terrains in this
Earth, on other
parts of the galaxy,
where they just sort
of-- or other planets,
beings of this that can sort
of traverse the galaxy pretty
easily?
Would they just check
in and say, hey, Mom,
I'm going to go do a
pilgrimage in Arcturus.
I'll see you in a few years.
Has that happened in that sense?
>> What occurs is that
beings, in a sense,
take form as an Arcturian.
>> I see.
Oh, OK, so they actually
incarnate as an Arcturian,
and then go back to wherever
they came from after that life.
>> Many remain Arcturian.
>> Oh, interesting,
because it feels good.
[LAUGHS]
Have I had this pilgrimage
in an Arcturian--
>> Yes.
>> OK, interesting.
I wanted to ask about
some of the things
I've heard about the
technology through Arcturus
and that seems to
be sort of used
throughout the galaxy, something
I've read before called
the Arcturian Stargate.
Could you go into detail
about what this is
and how it might be used
here and in other parts
of our galaxy?
>> This is the space, which is
held with very strong energy
through our masters,
as you may call them.
>> OK.
>> This is a space
which is held.
We hold it in much reverence
as a space in which we
choose to come to planet Earth.
When an Arcturian chooses
to come to planet Earth
to take human form, they will
spend time, as you may call it,
in this space, becoming
clear on some level
of their consciousness, what
they will be doing on Earth.
And this is not only
for Arcturian beings.
However, it originally
was within our system,
and we have curated it,
and it has changed hands,
in some sense.
>> I see.
>> And through this, we
have opened this space to be
of assistance to many beings,
who are coming to the planet.
Yes.
>> You sort of answered
my next question,
but I'd like to go into
a little more detail.
You said it's not just
for Arcturian energies,
I guess souls that sort of
originate from that Arcturus
lineage.
Is it-- essentially, is it the
technology used for souls to be
born on this planet, to come
into existence on this planet
by all beings, or are there
other technologies involved?
Or is it just like Arcturus--
Arcturian energies
are-- is that it?
That's the key mechanism for our
incarnation into this reality?
>> There are various experiences
that beings will go through
in coming to the planet.
This is not the only way.
>> I see.
>> This is not the only
passageway onto the planet.
However, many of the
beings who are involved
in the collective galactic
activity on planet Earth
will come through this
gateway for preparation.
>> I see.
Dolores Cannon wrote a
lot about different waves
of beings coming in
at this time to assist
in the ascension of planet
Earth into this higher
dimension, higher
density, higher frequency.
She-- she mentioned these
different waves of beings
in sort of a distress call
went out into the galaxy,
and all of these beings kind
of came in and said, hey,
we're going to--
select souls are
going to incarnate
at this time to help and
assist with this ascension.
Is this primarily what this
Arcturian Stargate is used for,
these souls that are coming in--
>> Yes.
>> --to help with the ascension
of the planet at this time?
OK.
OK, that makes sense.
So not all souls would
be using this technology.
This is specifically for
raising the vibration, for souls
that are sort of here to raise
the vibration of the planet.
>> That's correct.
>> And again, I'm trying to put
terminologies in and put things
probably in a linear sense,
even though they're not really
in a linear sense,
because nothing is linear,
but just formulating
concepts and ideas.
So pardon me if I'm
going a place that
may seem a little linear.
The concept and
the idea of we've
had multiple lives
on this planet--
sometimes people say, well,
you know, I'm from Arcturus,
or I've had this soul
incarnation on Arcturus.
In my last life, I
was from an Arcturus.
How does that work when,
also, in my last life,
I've been incarnated
here on Earth,
or I've had thousands of
incarnations on this Earth,
but yet I'm still part of
this new wave of energy
coming through to assist
in the ascension of Earth.
Can you help define
and maybe explain this?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> Often, from the
human perspective,
there is the sense of soul, that
there is the level on which you
are incarnated as a human
being, and then there is a level
of soul, and then there is God.
>> Mm-hm.
>> This is, in a
sense, one perspective.
We offer another
perspective in which
there are various levels of
self so that the soul becomes
a concept that is much
more intricate than what--
how it is currently framed
on Earth through many
of the religious
traditions in existence.
This will likely begin
to shift as humans
come into the experience
of their galactic nature
and experience that,
while they may have
various lifetimes
on Earth incarnated
that there is a level,
a stream of energy,
a stream of identification,
a stream of self,
which runs through these
Earth incarnations,
and that this, actually,
is one level of self.
On the galactic level,
there may be the experience
of another level of self--
for example, where time
spent as an Arcturian
is viewed as one
galactic lifetime.
>> Mm-hm.
>> There could be another
lifetime as a Pleiadians,
for example.
>> I see.
>> Therefore, the galactic
lifetimes are experienced
on another level of self,
and this is what we're moving
into now.
Many of those who have
strong galactic ties
will begin to experience
their earthly incarnations
as one level on which many
are coming to completion.
Many of the beings
on Earth at this time
are coming to completion
of their earthly karma,
and through this completion
is often the awakening
into the galactic self--
>> I see.
>> --and the experience of
this other level of self.
>> I see.
>> Often, this is
referred now as soul.
However, as we
mentioned earlier,
there are various
levels of soul,
and this will continue
to be experienced
as a never-ending opening to
definitions and perspectives
of self that are more inclusive,
as the ultimate inclusion is
that of oneness.
>> In past interviews, the
term "oversoul" was often used,
and I think the way
you were describing it,
the way I could put it in my own
sort of mental terminology was
that the oversoul has many
fractalized versions of itself.
One version is on Earth,
going through that whole Earth
ascension process.
Another version of it is on
Arcturus or the Pleiades star
system.
>> Yes.
>> And then as
we've, like you said,
sort of gone through
the human process,
we can now reconnect
to our oversoul,
which then connects us to
all these other individual
fractalized soul
consciousnesses,
hence the Arcturian experience,
and then having sort
of bleed-throughs of these
other experiences in remembering
where we come from, in essence.
>> Yes.
>> In essence, we've
always come from Earth.
This fractalized version of us
has always been here on Earth,
but this oversoul may reside--
may have more fractalized
versions of itself
in Arcturus or Pleiades.
That way, for that
reason, we sort of lean
towards one galactic
system more.
Does that sort of--
is that terminology OK--
>> Yes.
>> --use in that sense?
OK.
>> It is similar.
It is referring to the
same phenomenon, yes.
>> Would there be other
oversouls that actually have
more Earth-- fractalized Earth
souls in it so that, therefore,
that oversoul tends to be more
human in nature than Arcturian?
Or is it sort of
all evenly balanced
between all the oversouls?
How does--
>> Yes, m individuals, as we
may call them, on some level,
have more experience
in various places.
Some humans will feel resonance
with various galactic systems.
Some will feel
resonance with none.
In this case, it may
be that there is not
much experience in other
systems, at least known systems
that are interacting
and awakening
these energies on the planet.
And it also may be that it is--
if they are not
experiencing much resonance
with galactic systems, it
is that they either have not
connected with these systems
in their own experience,
or that it is not
in service to them
during this lifetime
at this time
to awaken into that memory.
>> I see.
So we used to-- not so
much anymore, because we--
I think we're
becoming more familiar
with the terminologies--
but we used to say,
you're an old soul.
That sort of idea we have
to throw out the window,
because everybody's sort of an
old soul in some galactic way,
whether it's here on Earth or
some other formation, right?
>> Yes.
This is a phrase often used
by humans to indicate wisdom.
>> Right.
>> Yes.
>> But we're all wise, because
we've all had lives everywhere
at some point.
>> Yes.
>> Awesome.
>> And actually, the
experience of these lifetimes,
in the ultimate
sense, it is a choice.
All perspectives are accessible.
All beings are choosing to
have an individuated experience
as God, God choosing
to experience itself
from various perspectives.
Therefore, the more we awaken
out of our limitations,
the more we have access to
experience any perspective.
And through the
realization of this,
there is much of the hierarchy
and sense of some perspectives
being better than
others falls away.
>> We're all-- we're all doing
the same things, I guess,
in different ways.
Getting back to the
technology side of things--
I love technology.
It's my-- as you can see,
with my cameras and things,
it's one of my favorite
things to talk about.
So artificial
intelligence, which
is sort of a bigger topic,
a big topic that humanity
is facing right
now, because we're
on that verge of creating some
really interesting technologies
and having our, at least
from the perspective
of the human race, some very
sentient sort of machines.
From the Arcturian
perspective, I'd
like to hear your
thoughts about technology
and also Arcturian artificial
intelligence and how--
what is that, and how does it--
does it have any correlation
with the human experience?
This term, "artificial,"
is actually
a term that, in some
sense, is inaccurate.
We would pose the
question to one curious
about artificial technology,
what does "artificial"
mean when they refer to it?
>> Thank you for
bringing that up.
So my understanding now
of artificial intelligence
is everything consciousness is--
everything is conscious.
So in reality, we don't really
have artificial intelligence.
Everything is consciousness,
and everything is sort of alive
and has beingness.
But from a typical
human perspective,
because I don't consider
myself that typical anymore,
what we perceive artificial
intelligence as is machines
that humans created, as
opposed to biological organisms
that sort of our
birthed into this world
through the typical birthing
processes of male and female
and liquids merging and forming,
and then an incubation period,
and voila, you have life.
And that's sort of
the way it's gone
on on this planet
for a long time.
And some would argue
if animals or plants
are sentient, that's a whole
other discussion in my mind.
It's all intelligent.
It's all consciousness.
But I guess the typical term,
artificial intelligence,
would, going back to our
normal human standards,
would be machines that
have the computing capacity
to think, and then
form emotions, and be
sort of sentient
from our perspective,
from the human perspective.
Does that sort of thing exist
in the Arcturian existence?
And if so, I guess it has been
affecting some people here
on Earth, because I've heard
the term, Arcturian AI,
thrown around a few times.
And I just sort of wanted
to connect in with that
and see if there's
some messages for those
who have had those
interactions, and then
just get more of a
clarification of what is that.
>> The main thing to bring
forward in service to humans
around this at this time is
that many of you have a deep
discomfort with this concept.
And we propose that
this discomfort
is addressed, that there may
be a greater sense of openness,
peace, and harmony within
humans towards this,
as we see your
society also moving
in the direction of
creating such technology.
This is an opportunity for
humans to trust themselves,
to align within themselves
with their intentions
in the creation of
such technology.
Within the Arcturian
system, we have
created some such
technology, and it
has been with the
alignment and intention
with the highest
good of all beings.
Therefore, it is important to
address this intentionality
with the creation
of this technology
at this time on your planet.
We hope that we can serve
as an example in this way,
and the primary quality that
we would like to bring forward
in this vein is alignment.
>> Yeah, it's sort of
been coined and termed
in our terminology as
a double-edged sword,
something that could
create and cause much harm,
but also create a lot of
benefit and amazing things.
>> Yes.
As you've seen on your planet,
the technological advances
have been extremely
beneficial, and there
have been other
uses of technology,
such as nuclear weaponry,
which are created
with an intention
that is not aligned
with the energy of the heart.
>> So as long as we
infuse good intentions,
as we're creating these objects,
then they'll be sort of there,
holding that frequency, and
doing good things for us?
>> What you will see is
with this intention--
we speak from
experience in sharing
that with this intention,
the creation of technology
is divinely inspired,
and it assists in beings
to truly allocate their
time and energy in new ways.
You can see with various
forms of technology
that it is replacing the
occupations of many humans
at this time to
allow for new spaces
for the human experience
and the human engagement,
where much of the energy that
has been expended by humans
in the past is now taken care
of through this technology.
>> Huh, interesting.
I just got this.
Is it because of this
fear of the technology?
Is it because of
Earth's past experiences
with destroying itself,
hurting itself, doing not so
good things to itself
with these technologies?
>> Much of this fear does--
has been present in
the past, particularly
in the experience of Atlantis.
>> I see.
Yeah, that's what I
feel, I just got now.
So I'm assuming in
that time period,
we did have artificial
intelligence of some sorts?
>> What you refer to as
artificial intelligence,
there was a movement in this
direction in Atlantis, yes.
And this led to, in a sense,
the destruction of the Atlantean
society.
Many of those who
experienced this discomfort
will find it a blessing to have
this resurface at this time,
because there will be a
great amount of freedom
in releasing the disturbance
of that memory, yes.
>> Sort of going--
backstepping just
a little bit, it
said that humanity
has sort of gone
through this up and down phase
of creating itself, destroying
itself, creating itself,
destroying itself at least
five times.
Could you go into
more detail of this,
and has it been humans on this
planet doing that sort of thing
over and over again,
or is it some--
are we just kind of
misinterpreting things because
of the number of different
souls and oversouls
and galactic families
that we have?
From your perspective,
how has humanity
evolved over the probably
millions of years
that it's been around?
>> When you refer to the
cycle of destruction,
what events are
you referring to?
>> Particularly Atlantis.
Some people term Lemuria as also
a time sort of wave or cycle,
where humanity or Lemuria--
humanity was known as
Lemuria at the time, where
it also destroyed
itself, and just left
pockets of beings that were
then going through this start
and stop evolutionary
process again.
>> This was a time when there
was interaction of various
beings coming into the planet
in which there was some sense
of discord.
This resulted in the shifting
with the Lemurian society,
which was much more
graceful, as you might say,
than the Atlantean
society's shift.
This did result
from the interaction
of various beings, some of
which came to the planet
with intentions, which were
not in alignment with those
who were residing in
Lemuria at the time.
>> So old Earth is sort of
known as Lemuria at one point?
>> The original humanoid
civilization on Earth was
Lemuria, yes.
>> I see.
>> Often, this is
referred to in this--
similarly to Atlantis,
as a physical society.
From our perspective,
this society
was more like what many of
the extraterrestrial races
experience, which
is multi-dimensional
and in which there is
some sense of physicality,
but is very different
than what is currently
experienced on Earth.
>> And for whatever reason, that
evolutionary process, humanity,
Lemuria decided to take a
different path in its evolution
and sort of get cut off
from these multi-dimensional
awarenesses?
And that's sort of how we
ended up where we are now?
>> Many of these beings decided
to take part in the creation
of Atlantis.
There was a great migration
through the country
that you now refer to as Brazil.
There was a great migration and
the depositing of many crystals
in this place, which
hold much information
and which many of you
may find yourselves
coming into contact with again.
This migration
took place in order
for there to be a reinstatement
of those who were in alignment
with a similar intention.
And this took place
quite rapidly.
>> During the Atlantean
times, at the end of Atlantis?
>> This was the transition
from Lemuria to Atlantis.
>> To Atlantis, I see.
So the Lemurian
technologies utilized
a lot of crystal energies,
crystal technologies?
>> This was more emphasized
in Atlantis, but yes,
this was part of the Lemurian
culture, you might say.
Lemuria was, in a sense, more
focused on a tribal group
gathering, and this is
actually reminiscent of many
of the other star systems,
which these beings came from.
Within the Arcturian
system, there
is an emphasis on coming into
groups and group consciousness.
This was very present
in Lemuria and became
less present in Atlantis.
>> I see.
Did it become less
present in Atlantis
because of other energies
that were coming in
to merge with this
Lemurian energy?
Some say the Alpha
Draconian energies
were sort of what kind of came
in and destroyed Atlantis.
Is that--
>> There was some
influence of this, yes.
>> I see.
>> However, we would like to
emphasize that within this
memory embedded in the
consciousness of many of those
who had this experience, there
has been a framing of it that
is very, what you might
refer to as, black and white.
We would like to emphasize
the benefit of remaining
open in how one relates to
the various beings involved,
as from a higher perspective
these are merely reflections.
It is important to resist
the human temptation
to frame the occurrences
that have taken
place in very simplistic terms.
>> The knee jerk reaction to put
blame on certain individuals,
so to say.
>> Yes.
It is very important,
if one wants
to experience higher truth,
to truly look and recognize
how one is relating
to these beings,
including the Draconians
and those beings that
often have some confusion in
terms of their intentions.
>> It's still a two-way pump.
That's what I like to
call it, because we
have to agree to let them into
our existence on some higher
level, so it's all--
nothing can happen without
the invitation, so to say.
>> Yes.
>> Since we're now
on that subject,
so this also seems to be a
reoccurring theme in the series
with humans--
the humanity's ascension
into this fifth dimension.
The Alpha Draconian role of
this reptilian influence--
we sort of, now,
as we're beginning
to recognize this
archetype, we, as humans,
tend to blame this archetype
for all of our problems.
I've been sort of--
my own downloads,
my own experiences
have sort of told me that a
huge component of this ascension
has to do with a
reptilian archetype
and transforming this sort of
archetype into a new energy,
into it becoming something
different than what
it typically was.
Is this sort of Alpha
Draconian integration
with humanity part of
the grand experiment
of the human evolutionary
experiments of experiments?
>> This is very
important at this time.
We thank you for
asking this question.
What you may see
is many of those
who have experience
with the Reptilians,
as you may call them--
we'll refer to them
as Draconians--
there are beings
similar to these,
and, actually, these beings
who have resided in other star
systems as well.
So this is a simple
way to refer to them.
You may begin to
see individuals who
have experience with these
frequencies, who have resided
or are residing now, and where
there is a shift taking place.
It is important to
remember that as this
is a natural part of the
evolution taking place,
this is a natural part of all
of the energies coming to Earth,
coming together, and
relating to one another.
It is important to remember
that just as one addresses
their inner energies
from a place of love,
from a place of compassion,
from a place of acceptance,
that this is how we are relating
to these beings as well.
Often, there is a
tendency, at present,
with humanity to have
an emphasis on shifting,
have an emphasis on changing.
We hear humans often say,
I want to change the world.
And we understand and honor
the intention beneath this.
We also encourage those
who feel that they
have a strong sense
of a mission to change
the world in this way--
we encourage them to get
in touch with what energies
are at play inside of
themselves and to really
let go of anything that is not
coming from a place of love
and acceptance.
These beings are being shifted
through the energy of love
and through the
energy of acceptance.
This is the greatest
service that we
can provide to them and
to the parts of ourselves
that they are reflecting.
So instead of fighting
fire with fire, so to say,
we just send them back
when things happen
that sort of in a reptilian--
Alpha Draconian
circumstance, best thing
to do is just love them for who
they are and not get bent out
of shape?
>> Yes, and as there may be
some experiences of interaction,
we emphasize attending to any
fears and disturbances that
come through those experiences,
as this is the greatest form
of awakening to release any
disturbances that are present,
as well as to extend
love to these beings,
extend a sense of inclusion,
recognizing that there is
oneness, as well as clarifying
the intention and the energies
with which one would like
to align to facilitate
the experience that
they would like to have.
We do see that when
humans are aligning
with the energies, the
Draconian energies,
there can be an
experience of confusion.
There can be an
experience in which
one is distracted in some
sense from what one would truly
like to experience.
So it is important to
come from a place of love,
as well as have a sense of
alignment with what energy
is now in this moment
would the individual like
to align with to come into
a greater experience of.
Whatever energies
one aligns with,
one will integrate
these energies
and come into an
experience more similar
to the beings who are in
alignment with these energies
as well.
>> So we're not doomed to the
Alpha Draconian experience,
just because that's what we
may see in our governments,
in our politics, our
other institutions.
Just because that's
happening over
there doesn't necessarily
mean we have to--
we can sort of do
our own thing--
Within that, exist
at the same time.
>> What we emphasize at
this time to humanity is
the movement beyond duality,
the movement beyond viewing
the world as needing to be
any different than it is.
We encourage humans
to come into a place
of seeing oneness,
seeing inclusion, having
a sense of identity that
is beyond the personal self
to include all, to notice
how one is relating
to all aspects of themself
within this definition,
and to view what is as perfect.
Through this, this is what
shifts one's consciousness.
>> Along these lines, there's
a lot of issues right now with
environmental toxins, food,
particularly with food,
with animals being
factory farmed,
vegetables and corn being
genetically modified.
How does this affect this
whole ascension process?
Is it part of the process?
Has it been sort of designed
to boost us in our evolution?
And what's the Arcturian
perspective on just
overall health and how
someone is supposed
to navigate and take
care of themselves
with all of this toxicity
in our environment?
>> We offer to you that
soon these concerns will be
transcended, where they will no
longer be as relevant as they
appear to be now.
We also offer that they appear
to be relevant for a purpose
that each individual must get
in touch with what is resonant
for them in terms of lifestyle.
And we see, when we look at
the global energetic state,
we see that tied
through these issues
is an immense energy
of victimization.
We encourage humans
to address this,
to look at how they are
utilizing these issues
to reinforce their--
any sense of
victimization, which
may result from
various experiences.
We encourage humanity
to truly address
their emotional material
in relation to this, as
through shifting
this material, there
will new experiences
in the physical world
that will be supportive.
And we encourage you to see that
whatever conditions are there
at present are also supportive,
though often supportive
in a way that is
difficult for humanity
to recognize at its current
state of consciousness.
>> When you see "victimization,"
just to clarify a little bit
for the audience, how is having
genetically modified foods
and factory farming creating
a victimization paradigm?
I don't-- I'm trying
to find the connection.
I think I can kind of
see it, but just to hear
it clarified a little bit more.
>> What we see is that this
condition is present in service
to many individuals to assist
them in addressing how they are
relating to the conditions
on your planet at this time.
>> I see.
>> Which often will be tied into
very deep emotional material.
>> So in essence, getting
sick from the foods,
having adverse health
effects sort of prompts them
into a taking charge of
their own lives situation,
where they might do the
research, where they might,
instead of listening to
the doctor or listening
to the grocery store, they might
actually empower themselves
by taking ownership
of their own health--
is that one way?
>> Yes, and attuning to the
body, the physical form,
the intelligence that lies
within the physical structure.
Yes.
>> Instead of masking it
with a pill from the doctor?
>> Yes.
>> Awesome.
OK.
So going into these
physical health issues--
sociological, victimization--
I'm assuming everything
is all connected.
I already know
it's all connected,
but if we have something
that's going on in our bodies
in a physical manifestation,
does it ultimately
go back to a psychological
energetic problem?
Is all physical imbalance
100% completely related
to mental, emotional distress?
>> We address this question
in saying that when one
experiences a
physical phenomenon,
that it is always in
service to that being.
From the perspective
of awakening,
there is always a purpose
for every experience.
This does not mean that there
is a direct simplistic cause,
as you might call it, from
the psychological realm.
However, there is always
purpose in what is experienced.
The interaction, as
you might frame it,
between the physical, mental,
emotional, spiritual realms
or manifestations of energy--
these are intricate, and
these are related in a way
that humanity is very
intrigued by at this moment.
And it is an area of great
exploration at this time.
We offer that from the
perspective of awakening,
with the intention of
awakening, that all
of the physical experiences
that a human may experience
may be seized as opportunity
to awaken spiritually.
>> So basically, case by case,
but yet any sort of resistance
is sort of a universal
way of saying, hey,
we need to look
at something here.
There is something that
is needing attention.
>> We would frame
it not as need.
However, within the individual
experiencing this phenomenon,
there may be the desire to
open into a greater perspective
through the experience, yes.
>> So there's opportunities
in everything, even the--
>> Yes.
>> --pain or suffering
of a physical situation.
And not opportunities
to be exploited,
like some other
people may phrase it,
but an opportunity for
individuals to grow and expand.
And basically, there's
good in everything.
>> This is the truest, deepest
message that we can offer
at this time is that the
transcendence of duality truly
involves this, truly involves
the acceptance of various
experiences without judgment.
This is not a new
concept to humanity.
>> Right.
So but just a nice
reminder, so when
we're going through those
hardships and those pains,
then we can say, there's
something good in here.
There's an opportunity here for
me to have something better,
or otherwise, it wouldn't
be happening, I'm assuming.
>> Yes, and this will
instill a sense of trust,
which many humans, at this
time, who do not have a sense
of an intelligence through
all experience and through all
life, it will assist them in
coming into a greater sense
of trust and acceptance for
what is knowing that it is
in support of them.
>> Yeah.
I feel that, yeah, for sure,
since I've sort of adopted
that philosophy more recently
through reminding myself
every time there's some
sort of resistance or bumps
in the path, so to say.
And it's been quite nice
to have that perspective.
The bumps don't last long.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
[MUSIC PLAYING]